Add GraalVM Native Image and Truffle compilation sections for GraalPy guides (#1563)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-guides: guides/micronaut-graalpy-python-package/micronaut-graalpy-python-package.adoc

image::graalpy-pygal.png[]

common:graalpy-graalvm.adoc[]

> Open `http://localhost:8080/pygal` in a web browser of your choice to execute the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open http://localhost:8080/pygal[http://localhost:8080/pygal] in your web browser to execute the endpoint exposed by the native executable. You should see a stacked bar chart.
```

Reviewer: That will make `http://localhost:8080/pygal` a link.
